add unknown field check to validate command (#790)
crossplane/docs: content/master/cli/command-reference.md

The `crossplane beta validate` command validates 
[compositions]({{<ref "../concepts/compositions">}}) against provider or XRD 
schemas using the Kubernetes API server's validation library

> with additional validation checks such as Unknown Field Check.

Reviewer: I don't think Unknown Field Check is a proper noun, so no need to capitalize it. How about this suggestion that may flow more naturally?
```suggestion
with additional validation such as checking for unknown fields, a common source of difficult to debug issues in Crossplane.
```

The `crossplane beta validate` command validates 
[compositions]({{<ref "../concepts/compositions">}}) against provider or XRD 
schemas using the Kubernetes API server's validation library

> with additional validation such as checking for unknown fields,

Reviewer: ha, looks like my suggestion introduced a Vale error in https://github.com/crossplane/docs/actions/runs/9758986765/job/26934740522?pr=790.  
```
content/master/cli/command-reference.md
 832:[6](https://github.com/crossplane/docs/actions/runs/9758986765/job/26934740522?pr=790#step:5:7)  warning  'additional' is too wordy.  write-good.TooWordy
```

Vale is intended to help us write in a high quality consistent format, but its rules can be difficult to comply with sometimes 🤓 

I think this is the rule that is failing:
https://github.com/crossplane/docs/blob/master/utils/vale/styles/write-good/TooWordy.yml#L17

`additional` is also mentioned in https://github.com/crossplane/docs/blob/master/utils/vale/styles/Microsoft/ComplexWords.yml#L21, which suggests using `more` or `extra` instead.  So perhaps to make Vale happy we could just use `extra` instead of `additional` here? 🤔

Author: Yeah I was actually aware of the warning, thought it is Vale's own warning and couldn't find the location to look for alternatives. Thanks for pointing out the guides @jbw976. I changed `additional` to `extra`. One question is should I leave it as `with extra validation` or change it to `with extra validations` what do you think? I think the latter one sounds better but we dont have more than one extra validation currently so I couldnt decide :sweat_smile:

Reviewer: `with extra validation` sounds good enough to my ears! 👂 ✅
